site doesn't load fully - i.e. pictures are never fully loaded - just on this one system

User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de-DE; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de-DE; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

It seems to just happen on my main machine and just with Firefox.

When I open up www.saturn.de -> after choosing the site of my market:

Gummersbach (http://www.saturn.de/frontend/html/outlet/61/home.html) the site

never is fully loaded (loaded completely).

I use Firefox 1.0.4. Internet Explorer on the same client pc does NOT show this

probem, instead the site www.saturn.de is very quickly.

Firefox 1.0.4 on my laptop (other machine) also does NOT show this problem,

pretty wierd.

I deleted all www.saturn.de Cookies and cleared the Cache.

After a restart of Firefox, the issues are the same nonwhatsoever.

So I am looking more for a way to see why this is happening, maybe some logs, as

I usually frequent this site very often.

Both client PCs (see above) are connected through Wireless LAN (WLAN / WiFi) to

the same access point in the same network.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:

1. Just start Firefox and open up http://www.saturn.de

2. If you do not have a Cookie, you first gotta choose your nearest market

(Gummersbach in my case), before you get to the final site.

Actual Results: 

The site starts loading in Firefox, pictures start to become visible, then

finally the site "freezes", i.e. nothing gets loaded anymore, although Firefox

says in status bar "Übertrage Daten von www.saturn.de..." ("Transmitting data

from www.saturn.de...").

Firefox itself stays fully intact!! (i.e. it does not freeze or anything)

You can even hit a link that already showed up, and then the game begins again

(the linked www.saturn.de-Site shows the same phenomena)...

Expected Results: 

The site should of course be completely loaded (at least slowly).

As I already said, IE doesn't have this problem.

Also, a Firefox installation on a second PC does NOT show this problem.

